Updated Java configuration with new settings (#5464)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/setup/java.md

*Note:* Many application servers are Servlet compatible and are automatically covered by that instrumentation, such as Tomcat, Jetty, Websphere, Weblogic, etc.
Also, frameworks like Spring Boot inherently work because it uses a Servlet compatible embedded application server.

> Grizzly Instrumentation is disabled by default - to enable, add one of the following configs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Grizzly Instrumentation is disabled by default. Add one of the following configs to enable it:
```

> Grizzly Instrumentation is disabled by default. Add one of the following configs to enable it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Grizzly Instrumentation is disabled by default. Add one of the following configurations to enable it:
```

| System Property                        | Environment Variable                   | Default              | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
|----------------------------------------|----------------------------------------|----------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `dd.trace.enabled`                     | `DD_TRACE_ENABLED`                     | `true`               | When `false` tracing agent is disabled.                                                                                                                                                                                 |

> | `dd.trace.config`                      | `DD_TRACE_CONFIG`                      | `null`               | Optional path to a file were configuration properties are provided one per each line. Ex. the file path can be provided as via `-Dtrace.config=/path/to/file.properties`, with setting the service name in the file with `dd.trace.enabled=my_service-name`                                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `dd.trace.config`                      | `DD_TRACE_CONFIG`                      | `null`               | Optional path to a file were configuration properties are provided one per each line. For instance, the file path can be provided as via `-Dtrace.config=/path/to/file.properties`, with setting the service name in the file with `dd.trace.enabled=<SERVICE_NAME>`                                                                                           |
```

> | `dd.trace.config`                      | `DD_TRACE_CONFIG`                      | `null`               | Optional path to a file were configuration properties are provided one per each line. For instance, the file path can be provided as via `-Dtrace.config=/path/to/file.properties`, with setting the service name in the file with `dd.trace.enabled=<SERVICE_NAME>`                                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `dd.trace.config`                      | `DD_TRACE_CONFIG`                      | `null`               | Optional path to a file were configuration properties are provided one per each line. For instance, the file path can be provided as via `-Dtrace.config=<FILE_PATH>.properties`, with setting the service name in the file with `dd.trace.enabled=<SERVICE_NAME>`                                                                                           |
```

| `dd.trace.split-by-tags`               | `DD_TRACE_SPLIT_BY_TAGS`               | `null`               | (Example: `aws.service`) Used to rename spans to be identified with the corresponding service tag                                                                                                             |
| `dd.trace.db.client.split-by-instance` | `DD_TRACE_DB_CLIENT_SPLIT_BY_INSTANCE` | `false`              | When set to `true` db spans get assigned the instance name as the service name                                                                                                                                          |
| `dd.http.client.tag.query-string`      | `DD_HTTP_CLIENT_TAG_QUERY_STRING`      | `false`              | When set to `true` query string parameters and fragment get added to web client spans                                                                                                                                   |

> | `dd.http.client.error.statuses`      | `DD_HTTP_CLIENT_ERROR_STATUSES`      | `false`              | A range of errors can be accepted, by default 4xx errors are reported as errors. This configuration overrides that. Ex. `dd.http.client.error.statuses=400-499`                                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `dd.http.client.error.statuses`      | `DD_HTTP_CLIENT_ERROR_STATUSES`      | `false`              | A range of errors can be accepted, by default 4xx errors aren't reported as errors. This configuration overrides that. Ex. `dd.http.client.error.statuses=400-499`                                                                                                                                   |
```

> | `dd.http.client.error.statuses`      | `DD_HTTP_CLIENT_ERROR_STATUSES`      | `false`              | A range of errors can be accepted, by default 4xx errors will not be reported as errors. This configuration overrides that. Ex. `dd.http.client.error.statuses=400-499`                                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `dd.http.client.error.statuses`      | `DD_HTTP_CLIENT_ERROR_STATUSES`      | `false`              | A range of errors can be accepted, by default 4xx errors are reported as errors. This configuration overrides that. Ex. `dd.http.client.error.statuses=400-499`                                                                                                                                   |
```

| `dd.http.server.tag.query-string`      | `DD_HTTP_SERVER_TAG_QUERY_STRING`      | `false`              | When set to `true` query string parameters and fragment get added to web server spans                                                                                                                                   |
| `dd.jmxfetch.enabled`                  | `DD_JMXFETCH_ENABLED`                  | `true`               | Enable collection of JMX metrics by Java Tracing Agent.                                                                                                                                                                 |

> | `dd.jmxfetch.config.dir`          | `DD_JMXFETCH_CONFIG_DIR`          | `null`               | (Example: `/opt/datadog-agent/etc/conf.d`) Additional configuration directory for JMX metrics collection. The Java Agent will look for `jvm_direct:true` in the `instance` in the `yaml` file to change configuration.                                                                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `dd.jmxfetch.config.dir`          | `DD_JMXFETCH_CONFIG_DIR`          | `null`               | (Example: `/opt/datadog-agent/etc/conf.d`) Additional configuration directory for JMX metrics collection. The Java Agent looks for `jvm_direct:true` in the `instance` section in the `yaml` file to change configuration.                                                                                                    |
```

> | `dd.jmxfetch.config`          | `DD_JMXFETCH_CONFIG`          | `null`               | (Example: `activemq.d/conf.yaml,jmx.d/conf.yaml`) Additional metrics configuration file for JMX metrics collection. The Java Agent will look for `jvm_direct:true` in the `instance` in the `yaml` file to change configuration.                                                                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `dd.jmxfetch.config`          | `DD_JMXFETCH_CONFIG`          | `null`               | (Example: `activemq.d/conf.yaml,jmx.d/conf.yaml`) Additional metrics configuration file for JMX metrics collection. The Java Agent looks for `jvm_direct:true` in the `instance` section in the `yaml` file to change configuration.                                                                                                          |
```

* If the same key type is set for both, the system property configuration takes priority.
* System properties can be used as JVM parameters.
* By default, JMX metrics from your application are sent to the Datadog Agent thanks to DogStatsD over port `8125`. Make sure that [DogStatsD is enabled for the Agent][12].

> If you are running the Agent as a container, ensure that `DD_DOGSTATSD_NON_LOCAL_TRAFFIC` [is set to true][13], and that port `8125` is open on the Agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are running the Agent as a container, ensure that `DD_DOGSTATSD_NON_LOCAL_TRAFFIC` [is set to `true`][13], and that port `8125` is open on the Agent container.
```

> In Kubernetes, [bind the DogstatsD port to a host port][14]; in ECS, [set the appropriate flags in your task definition][15].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Kubernetes, [bind the DogStatsD port to a host port][14]; in ECS, [set the appropriate flags in your task definition][15].
```

Now add `@Trace` to methods to have them be traced when running with `dd-java-agent.jar`.  If the Agent is not attached, this annotation has no effect on your application.

> `@Trace` annotations will have the default operation name `trace.annotation`, while the method traced will by default be the resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`@Trace` annotations have the default operation name `trace.annotation`, while the method traced have the resource by default.
```
